Change temporary entrypoints to be lazily allocated (#101580)
dotnet/runtime: docs/design/coreclr/botr/method-descriptor.md

Method Slots
------------

> Each MethodDesc has a slot, which contains the entry point of the method. The slot must exist for all methods, even the ones that never run like abstract methods. There are multiple places in the runtime that depend on the 1:1 mapping between entry points and MethodDescs, making this relationship an invariant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each MethodDesc has a slot, which contains the current entry point of the method. The slot must exist for all methods, even the ones that never run like abstract methods. There are multiple places in the runtime that depend on mapping between entry points and MethodDescs.
```
